README.md, before:

<h1 align="center">Code4Covid Public Website</h1>

Kick off your project with this default boilerplate. This starter ships with the main Gatsby configuration files you might need to get up and running blazing fast with the blazing fast app generator for React.

_Have another more specific idea? You may want to check out our vibrant collection of [official and community-created starters](https://www.gatsbyjs.org/docs/gatsby-starters/)._

## 🚀 Quick start

1.  **Start developing.**

    Navigate into the site's directory and start it up.

    ```shell
    cd covid-19-website/
    gatsby develop
    ```

## 🎓 Learning Gatsby

Looking for more guidance? Full documentation for Gatsby lives [on the website](https://www.gatsbyjs.org/).

## 💫 Deploy

[![Deploy to Netlify](https://www.netlify.com/img/deploy/button.svg)](https://app.netlify.com/start/deploy?repository=https://github.com/gatsbyjs/gatsby-starter-default)

[![Deploy with ZEIT Now](https://zeit.co/button)](https://zeit.co/import/project?template=https://github.com/gatsbyjs/gatsby-starter-default)

Commit message:

Update README.md (#11)
* Update README.md

Added a thin README with enough information for someone to understand the what the repo is about and get started.

* Update README.md with clearer instructions for tasks

README.md, after:

<h1 align="center">Code4Covid Public Website</h1>


**code4covid** is a community of tech volunteers whose mission is to find technology solutions to help people during the COVID-19 crisis: we believe that technology can minimise the disruption caused by the pandemic and ultimately save lives.

Formed as a [Slack group](https://join.slack.com/t/code4covid/shared_invite/zt-cms2o7rm-FtmF~455wnm6ce108Gqggg) on March 16th by a couple of ex-colleagues, the code4covid community now counts over 400 tech volunteers: and with other groups joining in, it keeps growing!

To ensure energy gets directed to the right places and efforts are not duplicated, we are also collaborating with initiatives formed by other inspiring groups as part of the COVID-19 Tech Response.


This repo consists of:
- A Gatsby project that powers [code4covid.org](https://code4covid.org)

## To contribute to this repo
Fork and clone the repo then:
```shell
cd covid-19-website/
npm install
gatsby develop
```
For a given task, create a feature branch to work on the changes and then create a pull request from your fork including if necessary a link to the preview on AWS Amplify plus any additional comments to describe/explain the change (good, atomic commit messages should usually be enough). ([Example]())

Tasks will be coordinated on the `#project-main_website` channel on Slack and our project board here: [Trello/GitHub link here]()


## 🎓 Useful links
- [Gatbsy Docs](https://www.gatsbyjs.org/docs/)
- [Chakra UI Docs](https://chakra-ui.com/)


## 💫 Deployment

AWS Amplify is used to deploy the website.
Deployment is done automatically when code is merged into the master branch.
